com/denis/appForRentaTeam/presentation/viewModels/UserCardViewModel_Factory.java
 com.denis.appForRentaTeam.presentation.viewModels.UserCardViewModel_Factory
 com.denis.appForRentaTeam.presentation.viewModels.UserCardViewModel_Factory$InstanceHolder
com/denis/appForRentaTeam/di/modules/DataModule_ProvideDaoFactory.java
 com.denis.appForRentaTeam.di.modules.DataModule_ProvideDaoFactory
com/example/inventory/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.inventory.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/denis/appForRentaTeam/data/datasources/database/UsersDao_Impl.java
 com.denis.appForRentaTeam.data.datasources.database.UsersDao_Impl
 com.denis.appForRentaTeam.data.datasources.database.UsersDao_Impl$1
 com.denis.appForRentaTeam.data.datasources.database.UsersDao_Impl$2
 com.denis.appForRentaTeam.data.datasources.database.UsersDao_Impl$3
com/denis/appForRentaTeam/presentation/viewModels/UsersViewModel_Factory.java
 com.denis.appForRentaTeam.presentation.viewModels.UsersViewModel_Factory
com/denis/appForRentaTeam/data/usersrepositoryimpl/UsersRepositoryImpl_Factory.java
 com.denis.appForRentaTeam.data.usersrepositoryimpl.UsersRepositoryImpl_Factory
com/example/inventory/databinding/UserListFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.inventory.databinding.UserListFragmentBinding
com/example/inventory/databinding/UserCardLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.inventory.databinding.UserCardLayoutBinding
com/denis/appForRentaTeam/data/datasources/localdatasource/LocalDataSourceImpl_Factory.java
 com.denis.appForRentaTeam.data.datasources.localdatasource.LocalDataSourceImpl_Factory
com/denis/appForRentaTeam/di/components/DaggerAppComponent.java
 com.denis.appForRentaTeam.di.components.DaggerAppComponent
 com.denis.appForRentaTeam.di.components.DaggerAppComponent$1
 com.denis.appForRentaTeam.di.components.DaggerAppComponent$Factory
com/denis/appForRentaTeam/presentation/viewModels/ViewModelFactory_Factory.java
 com.denis.appForRentaTeam.presentation.viewModels.ViewModelFactory_Factory
com/denis/appForRentaTeam/domain/usecases/LoadUsersUseCase_Factory.java
 com.denis.appForRentaTeam.domain.usecases.LoadUsersUseCase_Factory
com/denis/appForRentaTeam/ui/userListFragment/UserListFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.denis.appForRentaTeam.ui.userListFragment.UserListFragment_MembersInjector
com/denis/appForRentaTeam/di/modules/NetworkModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory.java
 com.denis.appForRentaTeam.di.modules.NetworkModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory
com/denis/appForRentaTeam/ui/UserCard_MembersInjector.java
 com.denis.appForRentaTeam.ui.UserCard_MembersInjector
com/denis/appForRentaTeam/data/datasources/database/UsersRoomDatabase_Impl.java
 com.denis.appForRentaTeam.data.datasources.database.UsersRoomDatabase_Impl
 com.denis.appForRentaTeam.data.datasources.database.UsersRoomDatabase_Impl$1
com/example/inventory/databinding/DescribeBinding.java
 com.example.inventory.databinding.DescribeBinding
com/denis/appForRentaTeam/di/modules/DataModule_ProvideDataBaseFactory.java
 com.denis.appForRentaTeam.di.modules.DataModule_ProvideDataBaseFactory
com/denis/appForRentaTeam/data/datasources/UsersDataSourceImpl_Factory.java
 com.denis.appForRentaTeam.data.datasources.UsersDataSourceImpl_Factory
com/denis/appForRentaTeam/di/modules/NetworkModule_ProvideUsersApiFactory.java
 com.denis.appForRentaTeam.di.modules.NetworkModule_ProvideUsersApiFactory
com/denis/appForRentaTeam/domain/usecases/GetUsersUseCase_Factory.java
 com.denis.appForRentaTeam.domain.usecases.GetUsersUseCase_Factory
com/example/inventory/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.inventory.BuildConfig
com/example/inventory/databinding/UserListItemBinding.java
 com.example.inventory.databinding.UserListItemBinding
